README.md, before:

# 📸 Pageshot

Pageshot is a simple self-hosted tool that enables you to take a screenshot of any webpage.

## Features

- Containerized (browser is delivered within a Docker image).
- Supports configured width and height.
- Supports fullpage screenshots.
- Supports delayed screenshots.
- Supports three basic image formats (PNG, JPEG and WEBP).
- Supports scale and quality factors.
- Supports local file storage.

## API

`GET /screenshot`

| Param      |   Type   | Description                                               |   Default    |
| :--------- | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `url`      | `string` | Target webpage URL                                        | **Required** |
| `width`    |  `int`   | Viewport width                                            |     1440     |
| `height`   |  `int`   | Viewport height                                           |     900      |
| `scale`    |  `int`   | Viewport scale factor                                     |     1.0      |
| `format`   | `string` | Output image format (png, jpeg, webp)                     |     png      |
| `quality`  |  `int`   | Output image quiality                                     |      70      |
| `delay`    |  `int`   | Delay in milliseconds, to wait before taking a screenshot |      0       |
| `fullpage` |  `bool`  | Capture full webpage screenshot                           |    false     |

## Config

Config is based on environmental variables.

| Environmental variable         |    Type    |                                       Description                                       |    Default    |
| :----------------------------- | :--------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| `SERVER_PORT`                  |   `int`    |                                      Server's port                                      |     8000      |
| `SERVER_READ_TIMEOUT`          | `duration` |         Is maximum duration for reading the entire request, including the body          |      5s       |
| `SERVER_WRITE_TIMEOUT`         | `duration` |            Is the maximum duration before timing out writes of the response             |      15s      |
| `SERVER_IDLE_TIMEOUT`          | `duration` | Is the maximum amount of time to wait for the next request when keep-alives are enabled |      5s       |
| `BROWSER_WIDTH`                |   `int`    |                            Initial browser's viewport width                             |     1440      |
| `BROWSER_HEIGHT`               |   `int`    |                            Initial browser's viewport height                            |      900      |
| `STORAGE_TYPE`                 |  `string`  |             Type of a storage. **local** and **s3** are currently allowed.              |               |
| `STORAGE_LOCAL_DIRECTORY`      |  `string`  |      Path to local storage directory. Applicable if **local** storage is selected.      | temp dir path |
| `STORAGE_S3_BUCKET`            |  `string`  |                                       S3 bucket.                                        |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_ENDPOINT`          |  `string`  |                                      S3 endpoint.                                       |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID`     |  `string`  |                                    S3 Access Key ID.                                    |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` |  `string`  |                                  S3 Secret Access Key.                                  |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_SSL`               | `boolean`  |                                 Use SSL for S3 storage.                                 |     false     |
| `LOGGER_LEVEL`                 |  `string`  |                                     Logger's level.                                     |     INFO      |

Commit message:

add pageshot logo, update readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img
    src="assets/logo.png"
    width="350" height="112" border="0" alt="pageshot">
</p>

Pageshot is a simple self-hosted tool that enables you to take a screenshot of any webpage.

## Features

- Containerized (browser is delivered within a Docker image).
- Configurable width and height parameters.
- Ability to take a full page screenshot.
- Support for a delayed screenshot.
- Support for three output image formats (`PNG`, `JPEG` and `WEBP`).
- Flexible scale and quality factors.
- Cache screenshots with local file storage or S3.

## API

`GET /screenshot`

| Param      |   Type   | Description                                               |   Default    |
| :--------- | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `url`      | `string` | Target webpage URL                                        | **Required** |
| `width`    |  `int`   | Viewport width                                            |     1440     |
| `height`   |  `int`   | Viewport height                                           |     900      |
| `scale`    |  `int`   | Viewport scale factor                                     |     1.0      |
| `format`   | `string` | Output image format (png, jpeg, webp)                     |     png      |
| `quality`  |  `int`   | Output image quiality                                     |      70      |
| `delay`    |  `int`   | Delay in milliseconds, to wait before taking a screenshot |      0       |
| `fullpage` |  `bool`  | Capture full page screenshot                              |    false     |

## Config

Config is based on environmental variables.

| Environmental variable         |    Type    |                                       Description                                       |    Default    |
| :----------------------------- | :--------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| `SERVER_PORT`                  |   `int`    |                                      Server's port                                      |     8000      |
| `SERVER_READ_TIMEOUT`          | `duration` |         Is maximum duration for reading the entire request, including the body          |      5s       |
| `SERVER_WRITE_TIMEOUT`         | `duration` |            Is the maximum duration before timing out writes of the response             |      15s      |
| `SERVER_IDLE_TIMEOUT`          | `duration` | Is the maximum amount of time to wait for the next request when keep-alives are enabled |      5s       |
| `BROWSER_WIDTH`                |   `int`    |                            Initial browser's viewport width                             |     1440      |
| `BROWSER_HEIGHT`               |   `int`    |                            Initial browser's viewport height                            |      900      |
| `STORAGE_TYPE`                 |  `string`  |             Type of a storage. **local** and **s3** are currently allowed.              |               |
| `STORAGE_LOCAL_DIRECTORY`      |  `string`  |      Path to local storage directory. Applicable if **local** storage is selected.      | temp dir path |
| `STORAGE_S3_BUCKET`            |  `string`  |                                       S3 bucket.                                        |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_ENDPOINT`          |  `string`  |                                      S3 endpoint.                                       |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID`     |  `string`  |                                    S3 Access Key ID.                                    |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` |  `string`  |                                  S3 Secret Access Key.                                  |               |
| `STORAGE_S3_SSL`               | `boolean`  |                                 Use SSL for S3 storage.                                 |     false     |
| `LOGGER_LEVEL`                 |  `string`  |                                     Logger's level.                                     |     INFO      |
